<BOS> <action> <drama> Inception <SEP> Prince (Vivek Oberoi) is a sharp and intelligent burglar, but when he awakes one morning, he finds that he does not remember anything about his past. He goes to a club and meets a girl who claims to be his girlfriend Maya. The next day, he meets a second girl who claims to be his girlfriend named Maya. She also claims that they work for the police and are after a man named Sarang. She reveals that they must find a special coin and give it to Sarang, after which the cops will arrest him. This coin has a chip in it that can go into one's mind and change one's thoughts completely.  They find the coin inside Prince's shoe and give it to Sarang. Prince finds out that the second "Maya" is really a woman named Serena who works for Sarang. His servant P.K. works for Sarang along with her. The coin is revealed to be a fake. Just as Prince is trapped, the real Maya, who is in fact his girlfriend, saves him and tells him the actual story. The chip was put inside Prince so that he could work for Sarang. The two began running away. The chip made Prince's brain like a computer, so that once he woke up from sleep, he would forget everything.  Prince and Maya meet Sarang Chinea, who tells them a side effect: every morning when Prince wakes up, his brain crashes, which results in a lot of pain. He has only six days to live as a result. This particular day was the last day. Prince and Maya find the coin, which can save Prince, and Serena goes after them, leading to a high-profile chase. Prince manages to keep the coin safe but faints. A mysterious car arrives, pulls him in, and flees. Shortly after, Maya gets a phone call, saying she must come to a certain location if she wants Prince alive. The caller is a friend of Prince's named Mike. It is revealed that the first Maya that Prince had met at the club, is actually named Priya. Then Maya calls the police.  Priya takes the coin and runs away with it, but Mike tells Maya that he has the real coin; the one Priya fled with is a fake. While they are fixing an unconscious Prince, Priya returns, begging to be saved, but gets shot by Sarang and his gang. Prince awakes from his deep sleep. Sarang and his gang escape, but Prince puts a tracking device on Sarang. They track him down, and Prince and Sarang engage in a brief fight. Prince ultimately gets the coin and Sarang falls off a waterfall to his death. While Prince and Maya are looking forward to a happily-ever-after, in a twist ending, Serena's eyes open, implying that she is still alive. <EOS>
<BOS> <drama> Star Wars <SEP> Life is going along smoothly for Jeff and Mari Thompson but not for any other couple they know, or so it seems. Everyone they know is getting divorced.  Their life is disrupted when Mari's old college friend, Barbara, comes into it and begins a fling with Jeff, which causes Mari to contemplate an affair of her own. <EOS>
<BOS> <drama> The return of the King <SEP> A young girl suddenly finds herself wealthy, but lacking in social graces. She calls upon the disinherited son from a wealthy family for help. <EOS>
<BOS> <drama> Game of Thrones <SEP> Varghese (Mohanlal) is a Kalari master. Shyam (Vineeth) is his favourite disciple. He comes to his master declaring his love for Maya (Urmila Matondkar). He says that her parents have kept her under house arrest and he needs his master's help to rescue her.  Varghese kidnaps Maya and brings her to Shyam but Shyam tries to kill her. Varghese understands that Shyam is not her lover and she is the only witness in another homicide which involves Shyam. But Maya tells Varghese that Shyam is innocent. Varghese tries to help both of them. <EOS>
<BOS> <thriller> <superhero> Batman Begins <SEP> When Adrien Williams is released from a mental institution, her former doctor, Henry Thompson immediately tries to get her back on her feet by getting her a job at a country club on the East Coast, where she is introduced to the lifestyle of the snooty, rich "beautiful people".  Brittany Foster, a young woman who lives in the area, befriends Adrien and takes her under her wing, accepting her as part of a clique of wealthy teenagers. Brittany's group of friends make comments about how much Adrien looks like Brittany's older sister who had moved away. At first she enjoys being a close confidant of Brittany but Adrien soon begins to discover how twisted Brittany actually is when Matt Curtis, an object of Brittany's affection begins to show an interest in Adrien.  Brittany sets out to get rid of Adrien, by stealing her file from Henry's office and discovers Adrien's past. Adrien's revelation of Brittany is much more disturbing, when she discovers that Brittany's older sister used to be "queen bee" of this circle of friends and that Brittany was often treated badly by her older sister. Brittany is furious that her best friend Kelly deceived her when she overhears her explaining the situation of her missing sister to Adrien. To keep her secret under wraps, she kills Kelly and later kills Henry, pinning the blame on Adrien. Her supervisor knew about Adrien's stay at the mental institution and readily believed Adrien to be the killer.  With the help of Bobby, one of Brittany's friends, Adrien escapes the mental institution. Adrien heads back to the country club, where everyone is attending an end-of-summer party. Using the information that Kelly told her, and putting together some odds and ends Adrien realizes that Brittany had actually killed her own sister and faked her sister's moving away. Adrien shows up at the country club dressed as Brittany's older sister. Brittany sees who she believes to be her sister and starts to freak out. Brittany heads to the woods and unearths the body of her sister, just to prove that she is, in fact dead. Adrien confronts her, and is attacked by Brittany and just before she tries to murder her, verbally confesses why she killed her sister. Hearing the fight everyone gathers outside to witness that Brittany is insane and that she killed her sister. Adrien moves on and leaves the country club, and it is Brittany who ends up in the mental institution. The last scene shows Brittany using her beauty and womanly wiles on a male orderly, with the audience led to believe that she would more than likely escape the mental institution. <EOS>